page.includeLibs.error = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.error.php

page.includeLibs.userGetEvents = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getEvents.php
page.includeLibs.userGetFriends = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getFriends.php
page.includeLibs.userGetLovedTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getLovedTracks.php
page.includeLibs.userGetRecentTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getRecentTracks.php
page.includeLibs.userGetTopAlbums = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getTopAlbums.php
page.includeLibs.userGetTopArtists = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getTopArtists.php
page.includeLibs.userGetTopTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getTopTracks.php
page.includeLibs.userGetPlaylists = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getPlaylists.php
page.includeLibs.userGetWeeklyAlbumChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getWeeklyAlbumChart.php
page.includeLibs.userGetWeeklyArtistChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getWeeklyArtistChart.php
page.includeLibs.userGetNeighbours = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getNeighbours.php
page.includeLibs.userGetPastEvents = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getPastEvents.php
page.includeLibs.userGetWeeklyTrackChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getWeeklyTrackChart.php
page.includeLibs.userGetTopTags = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getTopTags.php
page.includeLibs.userGetWeeklyChartList = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.user_getWeeklyChartList.php

page.includeLibs.groupGetWeeklyAlbumChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.group_getWeeklyAlbumChart.php
page.includeLibs.groupGetWeeklyArtistChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.group_getWeeklyArtistChart.php
page.includeLibs.groupGetWeeklyChartList = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.group_getWeeklyChartList.php
page.includeLibs.groupGetWeeklyTrackChart = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.group_getWeeklyTrackChart.php

page.includeLibs.geoGetEvents = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.geo_getEvents.php
page.includeLibs.geoGetTopArtists = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.geo_getTopArtists.php
page.includeLibs.geoGetTopTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.geo_getTopTracks.php

page.includeLibs.libraryGetAlbums = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.library_getAlbums.php
page.includeLibs.libraryGetArtists = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.library_getArtists.php
page.includeLibs.libraryGetTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.library_getTracks.php

page.includeLibs.tagGetSimilar = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_getSimilar.php
page.includeLibs.tagGetTopAlbums = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_getTopAlbums.php
page.includeLibs.tagGetTopArtists = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_getTopArtists.php
page.includeLibs.tagGetTopTags = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_getTopTags.php
page.includeLibs.tagGetTopTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_getTopTracks.php
page.includeLibs.tagSearch = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.tag_search.php

page.includeLibs.albumGetInfo = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.album_getInfo.php
page.includeLibs.artistGetInfo = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getInfo.php
page.includeLibs.trackGetTopTags = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.track_getTopTags.php
page.includeLibs.trackGetTopFans = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.track_getTopFans.php
page.includeLibs.trackGetSimilar = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.track_getSimilar.php
page.includeLibs.trackGetInfo = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.track_getInfo.php

page.includeLibs.artistGetEvents = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getEvents.php


page.includeLibs.artistGetSimilar = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getSimilar.php
page.includeLibs.artistGetTopAlbums = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getTopAlbums.php
page.includeLibs.artistGetTopFans = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getTopFans.php
page.includeLibs.artistGetTopTags = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getTopTags.php
page.includeLibs.artistGetTopTracks = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.artist_getTopTracks.php
page.includeLibs.eventGetInfo = EXT:musicview/userFunc/class.event_getInfo.php

plugin.tx_musicview_pi1 {

	error {
		userFunc = error->userFuncIniTest
		templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/error.tmpl
	}
	
	artist {
		getEvents {
			userFunc = artist_getEvents->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getEvents.html
			
			image {
				size = medium
			}
		}
		
		getInfo {
			userFunc = artist_getInfo->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getInfo.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		
		getSimilar {
			userFunc = artist_getSimilar->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getSimilar.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		
		getTopAlbums {
			userFunc = artist_getTopAlbums->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getTopAlbums.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		
		getTopFans {
			userFunc = artist_getTopFans->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getTopFans.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopTags {
			userFunc = artist_getTopTags->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getTopTags.html

			classes {
				1 = artist_getTopTags-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = artist_getTopTags-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getTopTracks {
			userFunc = artist_getTopTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/artist.getTopTracks.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
	}

	event {
		getInfo {
			userFunc = event_getInfo->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/event.getInfo.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
	}
	
	user {
		getEvents {
			userFunc = user_getEvents->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getEvents.tmpl
			
			image {
				size = medium
			}
		}
		getFriends {
			userFunc = user_getFriends->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getFriends.tmpl
			
			limit = 5
			random = 1
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getLovedTracks {
			userFunc = user_getLovedTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getLovedTracks.tmpl
		}
		getNeighbours {
			userFunc = user_getNeighbours->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getNeighbours.tmpl

			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getPastEvents {
			userFunc = user_getPastEvents->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getPastEvents.tmpl
			image {
				size = medium
			}
		}
		getPlaylists {
			userFunc = user_getPlaylists->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getPlaylists.tmpl
		}
		getRecentTracks {
			userFunc = user_getRecentTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getRecentTracks.tmpl
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopAlbums {
			userFunc = user_getTopAlbums->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getTopAlbums.tmpl
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopArtists {
			userFunc = user_getTopArtists->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getTopArtists.tmpl
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopTags {
			userFunc = user_getTopTags->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getTopTags.tmpl
			
			classes {
				1 = user_getTopTags-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = user_getTopTags-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getTopTracks {
			userFunc = user_getTopTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getTopTracks.tmpl
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getWeeklyAlbumChart {
			userFunc = user_getWeeklyAlbumChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getWeeklyAlbumChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 30
			
			classes {
				1 = user_getWeeklyAlbumChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = user_getWeeklyAlbumChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getWeeklyArtistChart {
			userFunc = user_getWeeklyArtistChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getWeeklyArtistChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 10
			classes {
				1 = user_getWeeklyArtistChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = user_getWeeklyArtistChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getWeeklyChartList {
			userFunc = user_getWeeklyChartList->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getWeeklyChartList.tmpl
		}
		getWeeklyTrackChart {
			userFunc = user_getWeeklyTrackChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/user.getWeeklyTrackChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 10
			
			classes {
				1 = user_getWeeklyTrackChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = user_getWeeklyTrackChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
	}
	
	group {
		getWeeklyAlbumChart {
			userFunc = group_getWeeklyAlbumChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/group.getWeeklyAlbumChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 30
			
			classes {
				1 = group_getWeeklyAlbumChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = group_getWeeklyAlbumChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getWeeklyArtistChart {
			userFunc = group_getWeeklyArtistChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/group.getWeeklyArtistChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 10
			classes {
				1 = group_getWeeklyArtistChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = group_getWeeklyArtistChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
		getWeeklyChartList {
			userFunc = group_getWeeklyChartList->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/group.getWeeklyChartList.tmpl
		}
		getWeeklyTrackChart {
			userFunc = group_getWeeklyTrackChart->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/group.getWeeklyTrackChart.tmpl
			
			cut = 1
			percentage = 10
			
			classes {
				1 = group_getWeeklyTrackChart-TABLE-TR-light
				2 = group_getWeeklyTrackChart-TABLE-TR-lighter
			}
		}
	}
	
	geo {
		getEvents {
			userFunc = geo_getEvents->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/geo.getEvents.html
			
			image {
				size = medium
			}
		}
		getTopArtists {
			userFunc = geo_getTopArtists->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/geo.getTopArtists.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopTracks {
			userFunc = geo_getTopTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/geo.getTopTracks.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
	}
	
	library {
		getAlbums {
			userFunc = library_getAlbums->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/library.getAlbums.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getArtists {
			userFunc = library_getArtists->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/library.getArtists.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTracks {
			userFunc = library_getTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/library.getTracks.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
	}
	
	tag {
		getSimilar { // TODO: Feature 1457
			userFunc = tag_getSimilar->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.getSimilar.html
		}
		getTopAlbums {
			userFunc = tag_getTopAlbums->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.getTopAlbums.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopArtists {
			userFunc = tag_getTopArtists->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.getTopArtists.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getTopTags {
			userFunc = tag_getTopTags->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.getTopTags.html
		}
		getTopTracks {
			userFunc = tag_getTopTracks->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.getTopTracks.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		search { // TODO: implement
			userFunc = tag_search->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/tag.search.html
		}
	}
	
	
	album {
		getInfo {
			userFunc = album_getInfo->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/album.getInfo.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
	}

	track {
		getTopTags {
			userFunc = track_getTopTags->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/track.getTopTags.html
		}
		getTopFans {
			userFunc = track_getTopFans->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/track.getTopFans.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getSimilar {
			userFunc = track_getSimilar->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/track.getSimilar.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}
		}
		getInfo {
			userFunc = track_getInfo->userFuncIniTest
			templateFile = EXT:musicview/res/track.getInfo.html
			
			image {
				size = small
			}

		}
	}
}
